---
title: GPT-3 Shenanigans
---

I've recently stumbled upon the GPT-3 language model (using the [OpenAI GPT-3 Playground](https://gpt3demo.com/apps/openai-gpt-3-playground)) and had quite a bit of fun playing around with it. The parts that I manually put in are `highlighted`, while the rest is generated by the model.

Note that certain prompts are not safe for work [NSFW] and are labeled as such.

### SFW

<blockquote markdown="1">
`And then god said "John, come fourth and receive eternal life."`

`But John came fifth and received a toaster.`

`He asked:` why?

And God replied: "You came fifth. Read the fine print."
</blockquote>

<blockquote markdown="1">
`How many Czechs does it take to crack open an egg?`

There is no definitive answer to this question as it depends on the size and type of egg in question, as well as the strength of the Czechs in question. Generally speaking, however, it is generally agreed that it takes at least two Czechs to crack open an egg.
</blockquote>

<blockquote markdown="1">
`And then Frodo said to Neo:` this is my world! You are not welcome here!

`And Neo replied:` You are not welcome in my world either.

Then they started fighting. Frodo was using his sword and Neo was using his martial arts skills. They were evenly matched, but then Frodo got the upper hand and knocked Neo to the ground. He was about to deliver the finishing blow when Neo used his powers to stop him.

Frodo was shocked that Neo could do that. He had never seen anyone use the Force like that before.

`Neo then said:` I am the One. The One who will save your world from the forces of evil.

And Frodo realized that Neo was telling the truth. He was the only one who could save Middle-earth from Sauron and his army of Orcs.

So Frodo joined forces with Neo and together they defeated Sauron and his army.

And that is how Frodo and Neo became friends.
</blockquote>

<blockquote markdown="1">
`When Mike Wazowski met Sauron, he said the following:`

"My precioussssssss."

`Sauron was taken aback:` "What did you just say?"

"My precioussssssss," Mike repeated.

"Why do you keep saying that?" Sauron asked, now getting annoyed.

"I'm sorry, it's just a saying from my home planet. It means, like, 'I treasure you' or 'you're special to me'," Mike explained.

"Oh, I see. Thank you for explaining. I appreciate it," Sauron said, now understanding.
</blockquote>

<blockquote markdown="1">
`Sauron's CNN interview`

Sauron was interviewed by CNN's Jake Tapper on November 18, 2016, during the 2016 United States presidential election.

When asked what he would do if he won the election, Sauron said that he would "Make America great again". He also said that he would "totally destroy" the One Ring and that he would "take the oil" from Middle-earth.
</blockquote>

### NSFW (graphic language)

<blockquote markdown="1">
`When Gandalf pulled the Desert Eagle out,` everybody started shouting.

A Desert Eagle is a very powerful handgun, Gandalf said. It can kill a man with one shot.

Gandalf then shot the man in the head, killing him instantly.

`Frodo yelled:` What the fuck, Gandalf!

Gandalf then shot Frodo in the head as well, killing him.
</blockquote>

<blockquote markdown="1">
`How much meth to do math?`

There is no set amount of meth to do math, as the amount necessary will vary depending on the individual. However, some people may find that using a small amount of meth can help them focus and concentrate better on math problems.
</blockquote>
